chore(skip-release): Prepare for 1.6.0 (#577)
redhat-developer/intellij-openshift-connector: README.md

## New features

### Share your Feedback !

> We added a new toolbar action on the view to share your feedback with our team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We introduced a new toolbar action within the plugin that enables you to share your feedback with our team. Please feel free to provide your valuable feedback for the plugin workflow.
```
